Project title
================
by Team name

## Summary

Write-up of your project and findings go here. Think of this as the text
of your presentation. The length should be roughly 5 minutes when read
out loud. Although pacing varies, a 5-minute speech is roughly 750
words. To use the word count addin, select the text you want to count
the words of (probably this is the Summary section of this document, go
to Addins, and select the `Word count` addin). This addin counts words
using two different algorithms, but the results should be similar and as
long as you’re in the ballpark of 750 words, you’re good! The addin will
ignore code chunks and only count the words in prose.

You can also load your data here and present any analysis results /
plots, but I strongly urge you to keep that to a minimum (maybe only the
most important graphic, if you have one you can choose). And make sure
to hide your code with `echo = FALSE` unless the point you are trying to
make is about the code itself. Your results with proper output and
graphics go in your presentation, this space is for a brief summary of
your project.

## Presentation

Our presentation can be found [here](presentation/presentation.html).

## Data

fedesoriano, Janurary 2021, *Stroke Prediction Data set 11 clinical
features for predicting stroke events*, Electronic data set, Kaggle,
Viewed 14th October 2021,
<https://www.kaggle.com/fedesoriano/stroke-prediction-dataset>

## References

National Health Service 2022, *Stroke*, viewed on 17th November
2021, <https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/stroke/>

Centers for disease control and prevention 2021, *About Stroke*,
viewed on the 17th November 2021, <https://www.cdc.gov/stroke/about.htm>

Centers for disease control and prevention 2020, *Conditions that
Increase the Risk for Stroke*, viewed on the 17th November 2021,
<https://www.cdc.gov/stroke/conditions.htm>

Diabeties.co.uk 2019, *Blood Sugar Level Ranges*, viewed on the 24th November 2021, <https://www.diabetes.co.uk/diabetes_care/blood-sugar-level-ranges.html>

Diabeties uk, *Diabetes and stroke*, viewed on the 24th November 2021, <https://www.diabetes.org.uk/guide-to-diabetes/complications/stroke>

Stroke Assosiation, *Stroke Risk Factors*, viewed on the 24th November 2021, <https://www.stroke.org.uk/what-is-stroke/are-you-at-risk-of-stroke> 

